进;;The Griaffe is very thirsty but it can’t find a well. So it goes forward to walk to Endelich’s flat and enters the bathroom to drink some water. But it’s only Sternburg beer coming from the tap. 
觉;;"if the giraffe sees a small cover anywhere, it immediately takes a nap/sleep. even in the toilet of autobahn stop. / jeru the damaja in the entrance of 1st flat berlin sees a small cover and feels/thinks this is a good place to hide from his groopies"
们;;"A monk (m-) and many other persons (plural) are in Endelich’s flat (-en), staring at the gate to hell."
贵;;The expensive iPhone fell into the toilet
小;;Three small strokes
早;;"zuki (z-) is somewhere inside of autobahn stop (-ao) she arrived 10 days too early"
爱;;I love my bathroom
休;;"The person standing next to the tree in front of my sis' house is a dragon/ex-gf, as usually telling me don't (imperative) rest and stop having a good time!"
告;;The guy who looks like a cow and opens his mouth to say comment on other ppls dick in the Autobahn stops bathroom is sloth from the goonies
为;;"Because of two powerful dots (cancer), Walter White has to use the subway station's bathroom often."
能;;"In the entrance of Charles’ House, Nicola Tesla cries every night to the moon that he wants to be able to sleep but it’s not possible. So he takes two spoons full of Baldrian. This is a very private information that you must not share with anyone!"
家;;I‘m standing in front of my house I locked myself out
对;;"That’s right, it’s Don Eladio (du-) standing in the subway station’s (-ei/-ui) toilet again, raising his thumb like he was hitchhiking holding his 1inch dick in the other hand."
被;;The bitches skin in the toilet of the subway station is barely covered by her clothes
星;;One day my x-wife in front of england charles house gives birth to a star
正;;"ZhuZhu is on the way to Chrales' bathroom, she goes straight there and doesn't take one stop on the way."
别;;When I enter the entrance of my 1st Berlin (-e [-i]) flat there’s just another bird trying to stab me with a knife.
元;;Yung Hurn (yu-) is rapping in the entrance of my Hanoi flat (-an). He is such a y(o)ungster and basically just two legs at the beginning of their life.
将;;In the evening there’s a Giraffe (ji-) in front of my Angkor Wat flat. It has a strong desire to eat an inch of wooden panel from the wall. It will definitely do this. It actually takes one after another.
而;;And there is really a ghost (Ø-) in the entrance of the space station (-Ø)
票;;"In the west, when using the toilet in the Autobahn stop, you need to get a ticket that you have to show to the Klofrau who looks like a giant piglet. "
学;;learning is the entrance to almost anything
觉得;;thinking a lot? need sleep!
试;;shlomo in the bathroom/toilet of space station holds a speech in a styles that it sounds more like a test
师;;teacher in front of class has one knife and a towel
两;;"Inside my Angkor’s flat (-ang), there is an upside down box with two people and two lions (li-) in it. Of course the two lions eat the people."
书;;Infront of all the books I. Didn't read
累;;"After a hard day in the field harvesting silk, the lovers are so exhausted they just want to lay down and sleep in the subway station toilet right away."
这;;Who is reading literature while walking in a circle? This is ZhouZhou in my 1st flat in Berlin (-e)
都;;"Someone famous is in town, it’s Dostojevski (d-) in front of my sister’s house (-ou) so all come to see him."
着;;There is a sheep in my 1st berlin flat (-e) starring with huge eyes at zhouzhou (zh-). Usually there’s some action in progress / -ing if zhuzhu is around.
Mr. Ding/Mr. T's hand beats&nbsp;dostojevski somewhere inside of anna’s flat. Since a few days, he is beating up dostojevski from morning till evening.</div>"
看;;There’s a Korean (k-) girl peeing in my Hanoi flat’s (-an) bathroom. I look at her with my eye and want touch her with my hand.
问;;Mouth behind bathroom door asks when you'll be finished
面;;in the end noodles end up in the toilet. sometimes falling out your face
来;;"Two lovers (l-) came/come the Iceland hut (-ai), standing in the entrance, sharing one grain of rice."
国;;Gus Fring (gu-) stands in the entrance of my Osaka flat (-o). He brought a piece of jade in an enclosure from his home country Chile.
体;;tiger somewhere inside of space stationknows that the origin of a person is their body
山;;I rather stand in front of Mountains Instead of on top
和;;"With cereals and grain in his mouth, hitler is standing in the entrance of my 1st Berlin flat (-e)"
你;;You are the person that is fat like that nilpferd in the space station’s bathroom
也;;A yak is also sitting on the couch of my first flat in Berlin (-e)
回;;"huell babineaux (hu-) returned to the entrance of the subway station (-ei), his mouth opened, so big like it was the subway tunnel/enclosure"
楼;;"Bathroom is in the second floor. / lover(s) in the entrance of sis’ house, thanks about climbing the tree to reach the first floor with a woman named lou lives&nbsp;"
手;;What's inside your hand?
车;;always park your car in front of the building
放;;"Fred is in his Angkor Wat bathroom, he knocks his head against the squared tiles bc he forgot where he put his toothbrush. He needs to discharge his frustration"
影;;a yak's beard casts a shadow somewhere inside of england charles house. What a beautiful scenery
到;;"Dostojevski (d-) arrived at the Autobahn stop (-ao). He took his knife and went to the bathroom. Until today, we don’t know what he did there."
等;;"Dostojevski (d-) is inside Charles’ house (-eng), confisung it with a buddhist temple, waiting for the fake bamboo grow."
块;;"A chunk in the toilet / To Eat some soil is decisive when you have a block and can't poop. Thinks&nbsp;kim wexler (ku-) in the bathroom/toilet of iceland hut (-ai)&nbsp;"
假;;Most people are fake inside
爷;;My father sealing my 1st Berlin flat so that grandpa who looks like a Yak can’t run away.
第;;Bamboo is not ranked as the first/favorite (ordinal) food a dinosaur in the bathroom of a space station likes to eat.
在;;The person with mud/soil in their left hand is zuki (located) at the iceland (-ai) hut’s bathroom
他;;He is also the person in front of Anna’s flat (-a) who looks like Travis Bickle (t-)
现;;i see the king is now present in the toilet<div><br></div>
认;;"robocop in the bathroom/toilet of endelich’s flat saying words to a person i don't recognize it know"
绍;;"Shlomo introduces himself to the autobahn stop hookers. He takes one to bathroom, takes his knife, cuts off her silk underwear and stuffs it in her mouth."
机;;it's a giraffe in front of the space station wants to repair the machine and has to use several trees as we ran out of metal.<br>
洗;;"My x-gf/dragon (xi-) somewhere inside of space station (-Ø), washes herself very early in the morning."
视;;Shlomo appears in the space stations women’s toilet even tho he clearly saw the ‘female’ sign. He is just and old pervert who wants to look at women peeing and inspect the bins.
送;;"After carrying it a long walk, saul goodman closed the door of charles toilet and delivers .."
明白;;bright white is clear
做;;"It’s really happening, therefor don’t go into the bathroom! Steve GomeZ is making/producing a load huge like a person in my Osaka flat’s toilet. Disgusting!"
时;;"Schlomo in the entrance of the space station, holds his thumb in the sun just because it’s time to do this."
网;;trapped inside the spiders net
路;;All roads lead to the bathroom at some point
giraffe in front of space station again wears a bird costume. A chicken this time"
是;;Mending the day is what Schlomo likes to do in the space station’s bathroom
奶;;"Nicola Tesla secretely wanted to be a woman, thus he had breasts and could breastfeed his pigeon with milk while sitting in front of a cozy fire in the cold iceland hut."
错;;Crazy-8 is my Osaka flat’s bathroom counting his gold/metal from the former times before he did everything wrong and made all the mistakes.
饭;;In the end each meal of rice ends in the toilet / eating cooked rice only is the contrary of a healthy meal. so fred in the bathroom/toilet of hanoi flat all day.
右;;bathroom is on the right
欢;;Huel Babnieaux is in front of my Hanoi flat. Again lacking money but very happy and joyous as usual.
地;;"The Dinosaur (di-) in the space station’s (-Ø)) toilet is also pooping some soil to create some ground/earth for growing bamboo, his favorite food."
自;;"In the space station’s (-Ø) bathroom, Zuki (z-) is looking into the mirror. The dot in her eye is a reflection of oneself/herself"
姐;;The giraffe inside my first flat in Berlin knows that it's bigger sister is not yet a woman
最;;most important room in the house is the bathroom / &nbsp;steve gomeZ (zu-) in the bathroom/toilet of subway station (-ei) wants to take it easy today. he does the most stupid thing and shoots heroin.
雨;;It‘s not raining inside
南;;Nan's entrance is in the south
事;;Things in the bathroom
难;;"(Once) again, Nicola Tesla (n-) is fucking his beloved short-tailed bird (pigeon) in the entrance of my Hanoi flat which is difficult to watch."
电;;electricity is most important in the bathroom!
期;;It's next month will be a difficult period of time thinks a qualle floating in front of space station
坏;;No soil is bad. huell babineaux (hu-) in the bathroom/toilet of iceland hut And can't poop
走;;"Walking inside is not so good, better go outside"
与;;"Somewhere inside the space station, there’s yung hurn (yu-), recoding a track together with an alien."
写;;To write inside the book
重;;"Inside the blue bottle in Chrales' bathroom are 1000ml of Zafiro Anejo, so it's quite heavy."
非;;"Fred (f-) is standing in the subway station (-ei) realizing coming to Berlin was the wrong thing, this is not the place to be"
旁;;The police is in the entrance of my Angkor flat. They have 8 lids that they use to cover the entire square beside my flat. I don’t know what they are trying to do...
脑;;"Every month the great mind, Nicola Tesla, is ordering a brain soup for take away in the autobahn stop’s cantine. He puts it in his Tupperware box. They make this delicious brain soup from all the traffic accident victims resulting from self-driving Tesla cars."
说;;Skyler White (shu-) is in front of my Osaka flat (-o) speaking to Japanese ppl in exchange for cash (words for cash)
还;;No I won't walk away says Hitler standing in the entrance of the iceland hut
场;;inside a large place
男;;Nikola Tesla arrives in the entrance of my Hanoi flat and thinks he really is not the kind of man who has the strength to work in the field all day
左;;"Inside my left hand toilet paper, toilet on the right side"
我;;"With a helbard in his hand, waiting for me, Walter White is sitting on couch of my Osaka flat (-o)"
边;;The bitch in front of my Hanoi flat has a powerful walk but then falls to the side
起;;"qualle (qi-) somewhere inside of space station (-Ø) Tries hard To rise it self and go for A walk"
常;;"Every evening when I come home, Jesus christ (ch-) is standing in the entrance of my Angkor Wat’s flat. He has covered his mouth with a small towel. I don’t know why he always does this..."
老;;some old ppl are still young inside
识;;Words/speech is the only thing that can create knowledge. That’s shlomos epiphany in the entrance of the space station.
有;;"In the left hand is the moon, possessed by the yak living in my sis’ house (-ou) basement"
友;;"again, my friend the yak (y-) somewhere inside of sis’ house wants to hold my left hand where ever I go. it just can't be alone.&nbsp;"
开;;korean girl (k-) in front of iceland hut is open to anything tonight...
听;;I listen to the people in front of me
明;;make sure it's bright in the entrance
要;;"In the west, there’s a woman inside every autobahn stop (-ao) who wants to sell you a yak"
球;;"qualle (qi-) in the entrance of sis’ house, requesting a ball from the king/queen to Play in the garden"
蛋;;"dostojevski (d-) in the bathroom/toilet of hanoi flat, realizing he had only one egg"
大;;The one person in Anna’s flat’s (-a) bathroom is Dostojevski (d-) holding his big dick
后;;"Hitler (h-) is in my sister’s bathroom (-ou) with one hoe with a mouth so big it could swallow a cliff, fucking her from behind"
生;;Being born is the first thing that happens in life
女;;"for some women, you really want to be inside"
玩;;walter white is in the entrance of hanoi flat playing the king. he wanted to be the king right from the beginning.
语;;I watch Yung Hurn giving a weird speech in German language with Austrian dialect in the space station's toilet
关;;For eight days gus fring (gu-) in front of my hanoi flat (-an) closing the door and shutting off the light everytime somebody leaves the house.
中;;A line in the middle of my mouth is my smiling teeth when I stand in fromt of Charles’ House in England (-ong)
得;;"at day break/dawn, dostojevski steps an inch outside into the sunlight. he had to sleep somewhere inside of subway station. he must be sure to find an apartment soon!"
天;;Infront of a wide Sky
道;;dostojevski walks on the road but urgently needs a stop in autobahn bathroom to wash his head&nbsp;
米;;rice inside my stomach
次;;"If you are visiting a third world country, make sure you drink is lacking ice cubes. how do you will spend the next day on the toilet"
用;;can i &nbsp;use the bathroom
己;;"Inside the space station’s (-Ø) a Giraffe (j-), starring at planet earth, is philosophying about the self"
外;;It's a divine evening outside in Iceland with northern lights and stars. But Walter White prefers to stay inside the toilet pooping and realing Walter White poems.
答;;"dostojevski (d-) in the entrance of anna’s flat (-a) closes the bamboo door because he wants to answer a phone call"
远;;all my yuan Walked far away from me
晚;;At night better be inside
院;;"Yung Hurn is in town, he wants to give a concert in my Hanoi flat’s courtyard but first he needs to finish cleaning the bathroom"
己;;"Inside the space station’s (-Ø) a Giraffe (j-), starring at planet earth, is philosophying about the self"
说;;Skyler White (shu-) is in front of my Osaka flat (-o) speaking to Japanese ppl in exchange for cash (words for cash)
来;;"Two lovers (l-) came/come the Iceland hut (-ai), standing in the entrance, sharing one grain of rice."
还;;No I won't walk away says Hitler standing in the entrance of the iceland hut
时;;"Schlomo in the entrance of the space station, holds his thumb in the sun just because it’s time to do this."
你;;You are the person that is fat like that nilpferd in the space station’s bathroom
们;;"A monk (m-) and many other persons (plural) are in Endelich’s flat (-en), staring at the gate to hell."
是;;Mending the day is what Schlomo likes to do in the space station’s bathroom
我;;"With a helbard in his hand, waiting for me, Walter White is sitting on couch of my Osaka flat (-o)"
和;;"With cereals and grain in his mouth, hitler is standing in the entrance of my 1st Berlin flat (-e)"
有;;"In the left hand is the moon, possessed by the yak living in my sis’ house (-ou) basement"
也;;A yak is also sitting on the couch of my first flat in Berlin (-e)
为;;"Because of two powerful dots (cancer), Walter White has to use the subway station's bathroom often."
等;;"Dostojevski (d-) is inside Charles’ house (-eng), confisung it with a buddhist temple, waiting for the fake bamboo grow."
地;;"The Dinosaur (di-) in the space station’s (-Ø)) toilet is also pooping some soil to create some ground/earth for growing bamboo, his favorite food."
自;;"In the space station’s (-Ø) bathroom, Zuki (z-) is looking into the mirror. The dot in her eye is a reflection of oneself/herself"
被;;The bitches skin in the toilet of the subway station is barely covered by her clothes
对;;"That’s right, it’s Don Eladio (du-) standing in the subway station’s (-ei/-ui) toilet again, raising his thumb like he was hitchhiking holding his 1inch dick in the other hand."
要;;"In the west, there’s a woman inside every autobahn stop (-ao) who wants to sell you a yak"
到;;"Dostojevski (d-) arrived at the Autobahn stop (-ao). He took his knife and went to the bathroom. Until today, we don’t know what he did there."
将;;In the evening there’s a Giraffe (ji-) in front of my Angkor Wat flat. It has a strong desire to eat an inch of wooden panel from the wall. It will definitely do this. It actually takes one after another.
而;;And there is really a ghost (Ø-) in the entrance of the space station (-Ø)
第;;Bamboo is not ranked as the first/favorite (ordinal) food a dinosaur in the bathroom of a space station likes to eat.
在;;The person with mud/soil in their left hand is zuki (located) at the iceland (-ai) hut’s bathroom
他;;He is also the person in front of Anna’s flat (-a) who looks like Travis Bickle (t-)
大;;The one person in Anna’s flat’s (-a) bathroom is Dostojevski (d-) holding his big dick
后;;"Hitler (h-) is in my sister’s bathroom (-ou) with one hoe with a mouth so big it could swallow a cliff, fucking her from behind"
两;;"Inside my Angkor’s flat (-ang), there is an upside down box with two people and two lions (li-) in it. Of course the two lions eat the people."
着;;There is a sheep in my 1st berlin flat (-e) starring with huge eyes at zhouzhou (zh-). Usually there’s some action in progress / -ing if zhuzhu is around.
与;;"Somewhere inside the space station, there’s yung hurn (yu-), recoding a track together with an alien."
这;;Who is reading literature while walking in a circle? This is ZhouZhou in my 1st flat in Berlin (-e)
中;;A line in the middle of my mouth is my smiling teeth when I stand in fromt of Charles’ House in England (-ong)
都;;"Someone famous is in town, it’s Dostojevski (d-) in front of my sister’s house (-ou) so all come to see him."
